Step 69
Notice the grey color along the edges of the line. Those edges are known as borders. 
Each side of an element can have a different color or they can all be the same.
Make all the edges of the hr element the same color as the background of it using the border-color property.

Step 70
Notice how the thickness of the line looks bigger? The default value of a property named border-width is 1px for all edges of hr elements. 
By changing the border to the same color as the background, the total height of the line is 5px (3px plus the top and bottom border width of 1px).
Change the height property of the hr to be 2px, so the total height of it becomes 4px.

Step 71
Go ahead and add another hr element between the main element and the footer element.

Step 72
To create a little more room around the menu, add 20px of space on the inside of the body element by using the padding property.

Step 73
Focusing on the menu items and prices, there is a fairly large gap between each line.
Target all the p elements nested in elements with the class named item and set their top and bottom margin to be 5px.

Step 74
Using the same style selector in the previous step, make the font size of the items and prices larger by using a value of 18px.

Step 75
Changing the margin-bottom to 5px looks great. 
However, now the space between the Cinnamon Roll menu item and the second hr element does not match the space between the top hr element and the Coffee heading.
Add some more space by creating a class named bottom-line using 25px for the margin-top property.

Step 76
Now add the bottom-line class to the second hr element so the styling is applied.

Step 77
Next you are going to be styling the footer element. 
To keep the CSS organized, add a comment at the end of styles.css with the text FOOTER.

Step 78
Moving down to the footer element, make all the text have a value of 14px for the font size.

Step 79
The default color of a link that has not yet been clicked on is typically blue. 
The default color of a link that has already been visited from a page is typically purple.
To make the footer links the same color regardless if a link has been visited, 
use a type selector for the anchor element (a) and use the value black for the color property.

Step 80
You change properties of a link when the link has actually been visited by using a pseudo-selector that looks like 
a:visited { propertyName: propertyValue; }.
Change the color of the footer Visit our website link to be grey when a user has visited the link.

Step 81
You change properties of a link when the mouse hovers over them by using a pseudo-selector that looks like 
a:hover { propertyName: propertyValue; }.
Change the color of the footer Visit our website link to be brown when a user hovers over it.

Step 82
You change properties of a link when the link is actually being clicked by using a pseudo-selector that looks like 
a:active { propertyName: propertyValue; }.
Change the color of the footer Visit our website link to be white when clicked on.

Step 83
To keep with the same color theme you have already been using (black and brown), 
change the color for when the link is visited to black and use brown for when the link is actually clicked.


Step 84
The menu text CAMPER CAFE has a different space from the top than the address's space at the bottom of the menu. 
This is due to the browser having some default top margin for the h1 element.
Change the top margin of the h1 element to 0 to remove all the top margin.


Step 85
To remove some of the vertical space between the h1 element and the text Est. 2020, change the bottom margin of the h1 to 15px.


Step 86
Now the top spacing looks good. 
The space below the address at the bottom of the menu is a little bigger than the space at the top of the menu and the h1 element.
To decrease the default margin space below the address p element, 
create a class selector named address and use the value 5px for the margin-bottom property.


Step 87
Now apply the address class to the p element containing the street address 123 Free Code Camp Drive.


Step 88
The menu looks good, but other than the coffee beans background image, it is mainly just text.
Under the Coffee heading, add an image using the url https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/css-cafe/coffee.jpg. 
Give the image an alt value of coffee icon.


Step 89
The image you added is not centered horizontally like the Coffee heading above it. img elements are "like" inline elements.
To make the image behave like heading elements (which are block-level), 
create an img type selector and use the value block for the display property 
and use the applicable margin-left and margin-right values to center it horizontally.

Step 90
Add one last image under the Desserts heading using the url https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/css-cafe/pie.jpg. 
Give the image an alt value of pie icon.